[Music]
as the Cubs have become bolder at home
Charles thinks it's time for spot and
stripe to increase their socialization
with the adult Tigers back at the zoo
at the Maine Tiger compound Charles and
his team are full-time carers for ten
adult Tigers and spottin stripe have
been gradually exposed to them seeing
the adult Tigers through the glass is
one thing but their next big milestone
is to socialize and meet one of the
adults in the open air there's gonna be
lots and lots of interesting smells in
here with all the other Tigers you know
like the big cars come through here on a
regular basis and it's much much more of
a sensory stimulation for them in here
in terms of the smell than just being
around the front of the glass like the
tiger the big Tigers never go around
that side say if they're walking around
here boys in just over a month the Cubs
will be too big to live at home and they
need to be accepted by the adults for
them to live here full-time he's a
little bit nervous as you expect you can
see he's smelling all the smells around
there's lots of smells of big predators
other Tigers around so you're gonna be a
little bit cautious naturally in the
wild an unrelated tiger could easily
injure the Cubs how is she and Giles
hopes Maneki won't display any
threatening behaviors so this is Maneki
well this is the very very first time
that Maneki seen any Cubs whatsoever
Tigers communicate using a range of
vocalizations and the most common
non-threatening sound they make is
called a chuff
japanese reassuring so they're talking
at her they're chuffing at each other so
it's a reassuring type of noise but it's
also a way of greeting saying that she
speaks your language like Ruby Tigers
are one of the few cats in the world to
communicate in this way these guys are
very inquisitive so the facial
expression where their ears is exactly
that now he's being a bit submissive for
the fact that he's put it is is slightly
back he's getting down low so that's
just being a little bit unsure if you
like where it's Maneki you can see how
relaxed she is she's sat there she's
fairly happy so stripe his um it's
getting a little bit close he's being
cautious in the way in which he
approaches good boy you're brave yeah
look at his face he's very very cautious
like he wants to go up a bit closer but
he's also a little nervous but that's to
be expected like look at the size of her
in comparison to him okay and she's
reacting to loo she doesn't want to be
surprised
the Cubs have won over Maneki and Giants
is relieved for a very first encounter
you couldn't have asked for it to go any
better or any smoother you know no one's
been aggressive no one showing over
interest or too much interest say and
the Cubs have taken really well
[Music]
you